------------------------------------------------------
-INSTALL file for LSAT (Linux Security Auditing Tool)-
------------------------------------------------------

We assume that you have not even unpacked LSAT yet...
kindof strange as this is the first set of instructions, 
but nevertheless, here we go...

Dowload lsat-<version>.tgz or .zip, depending on your
preference and place it in any good looking directory.
I prefer to put it in my home dir. You can use the built
in "install" feature to install it where you want later.

For the .tgz file:

tar -xvzf lsat-<version>.tgz

For the .zip file:

unzip lsat-<version>.tgz

cd  lsat-<version>
./configure
make

If configure complains, please send me an email. If you
don't have configure, you probably need it. You could do 
a manual build by reading through the make file. Being as
you are paranoid (you are using this right?) you have 
probably already checked the Makefile.in just to make
sure I was not doing anything clever. :O

To install lsat in /usr/local/bin do a 
make install

To build the manpage do a 
make manpage

To install the manpage do a 
make installman

If you are modifying or building your own modules,
you will find that 
make clean
can come in really handy, so I included it for you. :)

Developers may find a make cleanall really helpful.
Read the Makefile for more details.

To run lsat do a 
./lsat

For help and (up to date) command line options do a
./lsat -h

Any number of options can be specified on the command line.

This may take some time on older systems as it (at some point in time) does
an rpm -qa while checking installed packages (pkginfo on Solaris). 
It also checks all SETUID and SETGID files on the system.
On a system more "modern" than mine (80Mhz) it should not take long.

The output is in the file in the directory where lsatmain was run and
should be called lsat.out. If you have previously run lsatmain then the
previous output will be moved to lsat.old. This is so that you may check
your imcremental security improvements to the system.

Ok, the documentation for LSAT is as follows: in order
of how often they are modified:
modules.html and README.modules - gives a nice descript of what each module
does and also a primier on how to build modules.
changelog - whats new, whats old.
README - basic stuffs, sometimes added to.
INSTALL - a new file, but I do not see it changing much. :)

You can reach me (sometimes) at <number9 at dimlight dot org>
and othertimes at <triode at users dot sourceforge dot net>
 


